THE POLITICAL SPECTRUM, THIS MAY
NOT BE CLEAR.
SO LET ME REPEAT IT ONCE AGAIN.
AS AMERICANS, WE UNDERSTAND THAT
SOME FOLKS ARE GOING TO EARN
MORE THAN OTHERS.
WE DON'T RECENT SUCCESS.
WE ARE THRILLED WITH THE
OPPORTUNITIES THAT AMERICA
AFFORDS.
SOMEBODY GOES OUT AND STARTS A
BUSINESS AND INVENTS A NEW
PRODUCT, THAT'S WHAT DRIVES OUR
ECONOMY AND WHY THE FREE MARKET
IS THE MOST DYNAMIC ON EARTH.
WE ARE THRILLED WITH THAT.
EVERYBODY AGREES.
WE ALSO BELIEVE THAT NOBODY WHO
WORKS FULL TIME SHOULD HAVE TO
RAISE A FAMILY IN POVERTY.
THAT VIOLATES A BASIC SENSE OF
WHO WE ARE.
THAT'S WHY IT'S TIME TO GIVE
AMERICA A RAISE.T ON BOARD.
AND THIS IS INTERESTING.
THIS SHOULD NOT BE THAT HARD.
NEARLY THREE IN FOUR AMERICANS
AND HALF OF ALL REPUBLICANS
SUPPORT RAISING THE MINIMUM
WAGE.
THE PROBLEM IS, PROBLEMS IN
CONGRESS OPPOSE RAISING THE
MINIMUM WAGE.
MAYBE I SHOULD SAY I OPPOSE
RAISING THE MINIMUM WAGE.
THE DAY BEFORE, THAT'S POSSIBLE.
RIGHT NOW A BILL IN FRONT OF THE
HOUSE AND THE SENATE THAT WOULD
RAISE THE MINIMUM WAGE TO $10.10
AN HOUR.
JUST PASSING THIS BILL WOULD
HELP NOT ONLY LIFT WAGES FOR
ABOUT 200,000 PEOPLE JUST RIGHT
HERE IN CONNECTICUT, IT WOULD
LIFT WAGES FOR ABOUT ONE MILLION
NEW ENGLANDERS.
IT WOULD